DOCSP-46685: BSON (#159)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/data-formats/bson.txt

binary data. You can use BSON documents in your {+language+} application by including the
`bson <{+api-root+}bson/index.html>`__ package. For a complete list of supported types, see the
:manual:`BSON Types </reference/bson-types>` server manual page.

The code samples in this guide use the following BSON document as an example:

.. code-block:: none

   {
       "address" : {
           "street" : "Pizza St", 
           "zipcode" : "10003" 
       },
       "coord" : [-73.982419, 41.579505]
       "cuisine" : "Pizza",
       "name" : "Mongo's Pizza"
   }

Create a BSON Document
----------------------

You can create a BSON document by using the same notation you use to create a
dictionary in {+language+}. {+driver-short+} automatically converts {+language+} dictionaries
into BSON documents when inserting them into a collection.

The following example creates a BSON document that
represents the preceding sample BSON document:

.. code-block:: python

   document = {
       'address': {
           'street': 'Pizza St',
           'zipcode': '10003'
       },
       'coord': [-73.982419, 41.579505],
       'cuisine': 'Pizza',

>        'name': 'Mongo's Pizza'

Reviewer: Double quotes like you do elsewhere:
```suggestion
       'name': "Mongo's Pizza"
```

Author: We're a little inconsistent with how we do quotes in the Python repo – let me check with one of the Python repo stewards before making this change to all the single quotes in the doc.

Author: Confirmed that we can use double quotes, will make the change.

   }

Change a BSON Document
----------------------

You can modify the contents of a BSON document by using the same notation you use to modify
a dictionary in {+language+}. The following example makes three changes to the previous
BSON document:

1. Adds a new field, ``restaurant_id``, with the value ``12345``
#. Removes the ``cuisine`` field
#. Sets the value of the ``name`` field to ``'Mongo's Pizza Place'``

.. code-block:: python

   document['restaurant_id'] = 12345
   del document['cuisine']
   document['name'] = 'Mongo's Pizza Place'   

Write BSON to a File
--------------------

To write BSON data to a file, perform the following steps:

> 1. Fetch the documents you want to write to a file.
> #. Open a file stream on the file to write to in write-binary mode.
> #. Write each document to the output file. Ensure that documents are encoded to BSON
>    format by using the ``BSON.encode()`` method.

Reviewer: Is step 1 really necessary here? It's kind of prerequisite, more than a step, and it's actually not included in the example.
```suggestion
1. Fetch the documents you want to write to a file.
#. Open a file stream in write-binary mode on the output file.
#. Write each document to the output file. Ensure that documents are encoded in BSON
   format by using the ``BSON.encode()`` method.
```

Also, looking at the following section, it seems odd to have an ordered list and then a paragraph for a similar process below. I think it should be one or other for both, and if you get rid of step 1, it makes sense to use paragrapghs.

The following example writes the sample BSON document to ``file.bson``:

.. code-block:: python

   import bson

   with open('file.bson', 'w') as file:
       file.write(BSON.encode(document))

Read BSON from a File
---------------------

> To read BSON documents from a file, open a file stream on the file to read from in
> read-binary mode, then read the documents from the file. Ensure that the documents are
> decoded from BSON format by using the ``BSON.decode()`` method.

Reviewer: Suggest rewording:
```suggestion
To read BSON documents from a file, open a file stream in
read-binary mode on the input file. Then decoded the documents as you read them by using the ``BSON.decode()`` method.
```

The following example reads the sample BSON document from ``file.bson``:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: true
     
   .. input::
      :language: python

         with open('file.bson', 'rb') as file:
             data = file.read()
             document = BSON(data).decode()
             print(document)

   .. output::
      :visible: false
      
      {'address': {'street': 'Pizza St', 'zipcode': '10003'}, 'coord': [-73.982419, 41.579505], 'cuisine': 'Pizza', 'name': "Mongo's Pizza"}

API Documentation
-----------------

> To learn more about any of the methods or types discussed in this
> guide, see the following API documentation:
> 
> - `bson <{+api-root+}bson/index.html>`__

Reviewer: Single item in a list is odd:
```suggestion
To learn more about any of the methods or types discussed in this
guide, see the `bson <{+api-root+}bson/index.html>`__ API documentation.
```
